[#239] Create the Contributing guideline (#274)
nimblehq/flutter-templates: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Code of Conduct - Flutter Templates

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as

> contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contributors and maintainers pledge to participate in our project and
```
